# CS-230 Project Design


Throughout this course I have been assisting a client, The Gaming room. This client had requested our company, Creative Technology Solutions (CTS), to create a web-based game. They already have in place a game called 'Draw It or Lose It'. The client does not have the current knowledge to expand this product to other platforms and would need insight on this. While assisting The Gaming room, I have created a Software design document to assist. By using my past experiences with working with some traditional platforms such as Windows and Linux, I was able to provide first hand recommendations.
	While working through the design document, I took the time to analyze all parts of the proposed environment. Thinking and writing about these sections individually allowed me to work through issues without leaving out critical factors. However, I would choose to revise the Evaluation section of the design. I would need to conduct further research on a few of the Mac sections.
	When constructing the design, it was important to work within the bounds of what the user's would require. With the end user being anyone choosing to use our application, we can assume they typical hardware requirements that would be needed. Users would need to be able to run our software on standard market devices and also not expect to see performance issues, as these are common requirements among people.To approach this and other aspects of this design, I had to research topics that were not completely up to date on. Everyone knows that while some concepts of technology don’t change as much, new methods and tools can pop up that can completely change the scene. To achieve a similar project in the future, I would need to take my strengths and weaknesses from this one and continue to grow the positives. Perhaps performing more proofs of concepts and trials in labs would contribute more to a successful design.
